docs: skeleton of developer docs (#1411)
deepmodeling/abacus-develop: docs/community/contribution_guide.md

# ABACUS Contribution Guide

## Contribution Process

> We are welcoming open source contributions from the community. The technical guide is provided in [Contributing to ABACUS](../CONTRIBUTING.md). Here is the basic contribution process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome contributions from the open source community. The technical guide is provided in [Contributing to ABACUS](../CONTRIBUTING.md). Here is the basic contribution process:
```
